mini_cd

1. Check if a path (arg) was provided. 
	If not, print an error (this simple version doesn't handle the "go to home" default)
2. Move the process to new path with system call chdir()
3. If chdir fails (the path doesn't exist), print the system error using perror


mini_echo

1. Start at the first argument
2. Check for -n flag, 
	If first argument is exactly -n, set a "no-newline" flag and move to the next word
3. Loop the remainig words
	Print the current word
	If there is another word after this onee, print a space
After all words are printed, if the -n was not set, print a newline (\n)


mini_env

1. Start at the beginning of the envrionment list
2. While there are nodes in the list
	a. If the node has a value, print it in the format: Key=Value
	b. Move to the next node


copy_env_list

Goal : Create 100% indepednet duplicate of the envrionment so we can sort of modigy it without touching the origical

1. Start with an empty new_list
2. Loop thorough the existing envrionment node by node.
	a. Create a new empty node.
	b. Duplicate the Key and Value strings exactly
	c. Push this new node to the front of the new_list
3. Return the new list.


free_env_list

Goal : Prevent memoery leaks by freeing a list once we are done using it 

1. While the list is not empty 	
	a. Save a pointer to the next node.
	b. Free the current node's Key and Value
	c. Free the node itself.
	d. Move to the next node you saved earlier. 


print_sorted_env

Goal : Print the user an alphabetized list in the declare -x Key="Value" format

1. Create a temporary  copy of the envrionment
2. Sort that copy alphabetically. 
3. Loop through the sorted copy
	a. Print declare -x followed by the key
	b. If a Value exists, print it inside double quotes: ="VALUE"
3. Free that temporary copy list.


mini_export

Goal : Handle multiple arguments, Validate names , Handle Keys without Value

1. If no argument, Run the print_sorted_env function
2. If argument exist, Loop through each argument provided
	a. Check Identity
		Name valid ? (start with letter or _ and contain only alph-numeric or _)
	b. Check for =
		if = exist, split the string into Key and Value, Add or Update it in the list.
		if No, add the key to the list with a NULL value (standard for exported, but empty variables)


mini_exit

Goal : Close the shell properly while handling numeric rules and errors 

1. Print the wrod "exit"
2. Check Arguments:
	a. If no Arguments, Exit the shell immediately with status 0
	b. Is it a number (check if first arg contain only digits, allowing for + or - at the start)
		- if it contains letters, print "Numeric argument required" and exit with status 255
	c. If there is more than one argument
		- Print "too many arguments"
		- Do not exit the shell
3. Convert the argument string to an integer and exit the shell with that number








